README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: initial commit - setup Next.js project with 3D Earth visualization and weather API integration

README.md, after:

# Earth Weather Visualization

A real-time 3D Earth visualization built with Next.js and React Three Fiber.  
It shows weather data from multiple cities around the globe, fetched via the OpenWeatherMap API and displayed as interactive points on a rotating Earth model.

## Features

- Interactive 3D Earth with rotation and zoom
- Weather points showing temperature, humidity, wind speed, and conditions
- Tooltip with detailed weather info on click
- Real-time data fetching via a Next.js API route
- Dynamic starry background and atmospheric glow effects
- Responsive and customizable UI

## Setup

1. **Clone the repo** by running `git clone https://github.com/emanuelserra/weather-globe-nextjs.git` and then navigate into the folder with `cd weather-globe-nextjs`.
2. **Install dependencies** using `npm install` or `yarn install`.
3. **Set your OpenWeatherMap API key** by creating a `.env.local` file in the root directory and adding the line `NEXT_PUBLIC_WEATHER_API_KEY=your_api_key_here`.
4. **Run the development server** using `npm run dev` or `yarn dev` and open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Deployment

Deploy on Vercel by connecting your GitHub repo and setting the environment variable `NEXT_PUBLIC_WEATHER_API_KEY` in the Vercel dashboard.
